No... I can't go.
Since it's in his hands,
let alone a small pill,
even that bottle of mineral water
can be discovered by me.
We'll discuss you losing the person when I return from Thailand.
(This line is redundant and can be removed after reviewing the context.  Leaving it in for now)
Meeting adjourned!
Linlin, your mother and I
have already left,
about forty minutes more
until we reach the airport.
Left forty minutes ago...Dad
and Mom should be at the airport by now.
Hello, Linlin.
Dad, where are you guys?
Oh, your mother and I
were in a car accident.
A car accident? Where are you and Mom
now? Are you okay?
Don't worry,
your mother and I are fine.
We accidentally rear-ended
the car in front;
we could have died.
I don't know why,
the driver of the car ahead insisted on going to the police station.
So you're at the police station now,
I'll come over now.
Ms. Ji is here to see your parents?
Yes.
Come with me.